### 1. Which algorithms would you use to achieve this? Please provide at least 2 proposals
- We could use any CNN-based algorithm since Convolutional Neural Networks have been successful in image classification, object detection, and segmentation, which are relevant to what we want to achieve. CNNs could extract and learn their own features from the input data and identify patterns related to the team's performance. We could use transfer learning using a pre-trained algorithm like VGGNet (Visual Geometry Group Network) which achieved outstanding performance in ILSVRC 2014. 
- We could also use an optical flow algorithm like the Lucas-Kanade optical flow algorithm which estimates the motion vectors (optical flow) of pixels between consecutive frames by assuming that the motion is locally constant within a window [1]. This could be used to identify the movement of the players, the ball, and other elements in the game (motion detection). They could provide information on the team's positioning, player interactions, and ball movement, which can help identify strong and weak points.
  
### 2. Which potential bottlenecks may this problem encounter? (i.e. non-static camera). Just list them (if any)
- Non-static camera, occlusions, lighting (affecting the picture), noise, data availability and quality.

### 3. Could your proposals be scaled to other team-based sports? (i.e. hockey, rugby, ...) Which would be worst-case scenarios?
I think both of the proposals can be applied to different sports with some modifications and adaptations. While the specific details of the algorithms may need some changes, the general principles of analyzing a player's movement, ball interaction, and the dynamics of the team can be applied to other team sports. In the worst-case scenarios probably for scalability would depend on the unique characteristics of each sport. 

### 4. Extra: provide a sample code with some proposals running
Some implementation examples can be seen in the same directory

### References 
[1] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6wMoHgpVUn8 
